---
layout: post
title: "What the hell is this?  Some kind of blog??"
date: 2014-04-30
---

Why would I possibly want to have a blog?  What would I really like to blog about?
<br>
<H2><i>None of your damn business!!</i></H2>  
<br><br>
Just kidding.  I guess I'm doing it just to learn how to do web stuff.  seems like a solid rationale to me, web stuff is like the wave of the future and stuff.  
<br>
Holy shit, I have nothing to talk about, so here's right now in a nuttshell.  I'm listening to an episode of This American Life where the topic is Fathers (in time for father's day).  A story is being told by Michael Ian Black about his father, his father's death and the aftermath.  I love his delivery, deadpan, narated, sublimely emotional.  The best storytellers can make tragedy funny, and relatable.  The stories they tell are often about situations that everyone goes through at some point, but the detail and the perspective you get from someone recalling something (like your father's death for instance) is just magic to listen to.  
<br>
Sometimes the things I feel are a complete mystery to me.  The source of the feelings is all blurry, a smudge of the 6 or 8 things that are relevant at any time.  But listening to someone else deal with the things that happen to us all, and listening to them recount things in hindsight, long after the dust has settled, that puts my life in a better perspective.
<br>
So I guess the moral of this post is that I think we can learn from listening almost as much as we can learn from living and doing.  Which is fucking ironic because I have no plans to tell anyone that I've started a blog.  HAHAHAHAAA.

Peas out,
~Neil
